content/events/2024-07-21-afternoon.md, before:

---
id: "2024-07-21-afternoon"
type: "Skate"
date: "2024-07-21"
name: "Two Bridge Loop Marathon"
description: "Hit both the 520 and I-90 floating bridges of Lake Washington"
spice: 5
timeOfDay: "Afternoon/Evening"
distance: "26+ miles"
meetingLocationAddress: "Triangle Garage\n
Seattle, WA 98195"
meetingLocationTitle: "Triangle Garage"
startTime: "1:00 PM"
meetingTime: "12:30 PM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d9709.467055849913!2d-122.32088977039456!3d47.65221575329358!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x549014ec836e16b9%3A0x4a82ded5d3d30152!2sTriangle%20Garage%2C%20Seattle%2C%20WA%2098195!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1720458396259!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

Marathon loop route starting & ending near the light rail at University of Washington. We meet at the concrete benches on the top of the Triangle Garage.

Loop both floating bridges across Lake Washington. Take in everything Seattle has to offer, and finish this event by giving it everything you've got! Cover over 40 miles in one day if you do this plus the morning half-marathon!

Commit message:

update alki and marathon bagels

content/events/2024-07-21-afternoon.md, after:

---
id: "2024-07-21-afternoon"
type: "Skate"
date: "2024-07-21"
name: "Two Bridge Loop Marathon"
description: "Hit both the 520 and I-90 floating bridges of Lake Washington"
spice: 5
timeOfDay: "Afternoon/Evening"
distance: "26+ miles"
meetingLocationAddress: "Triangle Garage\n
Seattle, WA 98195"
meetingLocationTitle: "Triangle Garage"
startTime: "1:00 PM"
meetingTime: "11:30 AM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d9709.467055849913!2d-122.32088977039456!3d47.65221575329358!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x549014ec836e16b9%3A0x4a82ded5d3d30152!2sTriangle%20Garage%2C%20Seattle%2C%20WA%2098195!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1720458396259!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

Starting at 11:30 AM, we will have free bagels graciously donated by [Zylberschtein's Delicatessen & Bakery](https://zylberschtein.com/) available to skaters at the Triangle meeting spot. 

We'll hang out a bit with bagels and then the skate rollout is at 1:00 PM.

Marathon loop route starting & ending near the light rail at University of Washington. We meet at the concrete benches on the top of the Triangle Garage.

Loop both floating bridges across Lake Washington. Take in everything Seattle has to offer, and finish this event by giving it everything you've got! Cover over 40 miles in one day if you do this plus the morning half-marathon!
