content/events/2024-07-19-evening.md, before:

---
id: "2024-07-19-evening"
type: "Skate"
date: "2024-07-19"
name: "Alki Beach skate & chill"
description: "Skate & chill with a hangout on the beach with a view of Seattle at night"
spice: 1
timeOfDay: "Evening"
distance: "0-7+"
meetingLocationTitle: "Alki Beach"
meetingLocationAddress: "Alki Beach\n
2665 Alki Ave SW\n
Seattle, WA 98116"
startTime: "4:00 PM (or any time)"
meetingTime: "4:00 PM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d9601.672075547827!2d-122.40607773009089!3d47.58204277620432!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x54904085e59991ef%3A0x3c1d4abdfd1900f!2sAlki%20Beach%20Park!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1720156637193!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d9601.672075547827!2d-122.40607773009089!3d47.58204277620432!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x54904085e59991ef%3A0x3c1d4abdfd1900f!2sAlki%20Beach%20Park!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1720156637193!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

Skate Alki Beach, Seattle's classic beach trail skate! With beautiful views and flat, smooth pavement, this is every skater's dream.

Buses to/from the light rail run every 15 minutes until 11:40pm.

It's a chill beach hang & skate. Expect games, beach, good company, fun, workshops, Seattle Skates meetup, bring-your-own food and drinks.

Commit message:

update alki and marathon bagels

content/events/2024-07-19-evening.md, after:

---
id: "2024-07-19-evening"
type: "Skate"
date: "2024-07-19"
name: "Alki Beach skate & chill"
description: "Skate & chill with a hangout on the beach with a view of Seattle at night"
spice: 1
timeOfDay: "Evening"
distance: "0-7+"
meetingLocationTitle: "Alki Beach"
meetingLocationAddress: "Alki Beach\n
2665 Alki Ave SW\n
Seattle, WA 98116"
startTime: "4:00 PM (or any time)"
meetingTime: "4:00 PM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m17!1m12!1m3!1d2691.190274338977!2d-122.40118299999999!3d47.583541!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m2!1m1!2zNDfCsDM1JzAwLjgiTiAxMjLCsDI0JzA0LjMiVw!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1720724163919!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

Skate Alki Beach, Seattle's classic beach trail skate! With beautiful views and flat, smooth pavement, this is every skater's dream.

We’ve planned the Alki beach afternoon evening as a relaxed one-spice skate event. Once we arrive from the previous skate, we'll have a few hours to go off on our own and get food and rest before the planned activities start at 6:00 PM. [Our meeting spot](https://maps.app.goo.gl/Fx293QkXAx9eBgKD6) is a great spot to chill in the sand and take in the views. Feel free to participate in the planned events... or just chill!

Alki has restaurants, snack shops, ice cream, and a brewery. Most, if not all of these businesses have been very kind to skaters. Blue Moon burgers, Marination Station, Natalie’s, and Future Primitive have all been really accommodating. We kindly ask that you are as respectful as possible when interacting with them so that we can maintain our good relationship. Thank you and enjoy a lovely afternoon on Alki!

- 4:00 PM: Skaters arrive from previous skate and have time to rest and find food
- 6:00 PM: The [Seattle Weekly Skate Session](https://www.instagram.com/seattleweeklyskatesession) skate park team sets up a collection of ramps and rails for skaters to try
- 6:30 - 8:00 PM: The [Seattle Skates](https://www.instagram.com/seattle_skates/) social skate team hosts a roll to the Jack Block park lookout and back
- 8:00 - 10:00 PM: Chill on the beach, skate along the boardwalk, or practice your slides near the sand.
- 10:00 - 10:30 PM: Alki Beach shuts down. Local buses run to the light rail every 15 minutes and Alki has plenty of parking for folks who want to drive.
