---
id: "2025-07-19-am-spicy"
type: "Skate"
date: "2025-07-19"
name: "Two Bridges"
description: "Extra-spicy Seattle hill showcase route"
spice: 5
distance: "23+"
meetingLocationAddress: "Jefferson Park Skatepark\n
Seattle, WA 98108"
meetingLocationTitle: "Jefferson Park Skatepark"
startTime: "11:00 AM"
meetingTime: "10:30 AM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d11342.264946015222!2d-122.31473620733186!3d47.56929545865138!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x54906a78f7f757dd%3A0xafadae2e6022a3a5!2sJefferson%20Park%20Skatepark!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1752211117274!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

You came to Seattle to skate spicy hills, didn't you? We serve plenty of them on this skate.

This route perfectly matches your EKG line when you skate it. We start at Jefferson Skatepark and skate 6 minutes before going down our first big hill, passionately anticipating a dozen of them waiting for us ahead. We will cross the Lake, and then we will do it again. Every hill on this route has a rollout and allows you to go full speed. Every inch of the route is covered with adrenaline. The cumulative elevation drop is 1350ft. The challenge is real, but the prize is worth it. You have to prepare - mentally, physically, gear and nutrition wise.

We expect to see on you:

- full set of slide resistant protection gear
- the most stable setup you have (short rockered set-ups may feel unstable)
- a nice water bottle, accompanied by several portions of electrolytes in any form
- snacks with a good amount of fast carbs

See you ready for the adventure.

**Getting there:**

Jefferson Park Skatepark is easily accessible from the Beacon Hill light rail station. The route will end at the University of Washington light rail station (closest to the University of Washington Medical Center) giving skaters easy access via public transportation back to the starting point if needed.

**Food & drink options nearby or during the route:**

Bathroom and water stops available along the route. The route will conclude at University of Washington, at the light rail station, near the roll-out location for today’s night skate. Many options available near the University or along the light rail.
