---
id: "2025-07-17-pm-chill"
type: "Skate"
date: "2025-07-17"
name: "Tour de Waterfront"
description: "Warm up for the roll, cool down with the sunset, skate this chill route and meet new friends"
spice: 1
distance: "6"
startTime: "7:00 PM"
meetingTime: "6:30 PM"
meetingLocationAddress: "Lumen Field North Parking Lot\n
521 Stadium Pl S\n
Seattle, WA 98104"
meetingLocationTitle: "Lumen Field North Parking Lot"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2690.46470621002!2d-122.33197679999998!3d47.597653!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x54906aa4a0304905%3A0xaa327a889254ebd1!2s521%20Stadium%20Pl%20S%2C%20Seattle%2C%20WA%2098104!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1752209597195!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

Warm up for the Seattle Spicy Salmon Roll with a signature chill skate along the Seattle waterfront. We will start and end at Lumen field, easily accessed by the International District Light Rail Station.

We’ll roll through the city's stadiums, stop for ice cream at Molly Moon’s, glide through the recently renovated waterfront along the bike path, take an extended break and catch the sunset over the Puget Sound at Pier 62 and the Seattle Aquarium’s outdoor viewing portal, and round out the route with a loop in and out of the waterfront sculpture park.

This route offers stunning views, easy access to restrooms and snacks, ample time to rest and practice tricks and slides, the optional opportunity to practice on two small and safe hills, and all the good vibes you need to kick off the weekend.

**Food & drink options nearby or during the route:**

Beforehand, the route starts near Seattle’s International district (5-minute skate, 15-minute walk) with many take out and quick options. The starting point is also close to street vendors who sell hot dogs and other street food on game days. During the route, skaters may choose to stop for ice cream. Multiple water stations and one public bathroom available on the route. Skaters may choose to get dinner during the Pier 62 break at takeout spots along the waterfront.
