---
id: "2025-07-19-pm"
type: "Skate"
date: "2025-07-19"
name: "Steampunk to Playa"
description: "A classic chill Seattle route along the Burke-Gilman Trail, perfect for viewing the sunset over Puget Sound"
spice: 2
distance: "12"
meetingLocationAddress: "Gas Works Park, near the public restrooms\n
2101 N Northlake Way\n
Seattle, WA 98103"
meetingLocationTitle: "Gas Works Park, near the public restrooms"
startTime: "6:30 PM"
meetingTime: "6:00 PM"
meetingLocationLink: "https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d3583.8528073142743!2d-122.33408677380278!3d47.646353023508716!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x549014e2ace2f647%3A0xb7feb72bc2b90ec!2s2101%20N%20Northlake%20Way%2C%20Seattle%2C%20WA%2098103!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1752211046796!5m2!1sen!2sus"
---

Bring out your lights! We'll start at Gas Works Park, an iconic location that looks like it was pulled from Howl's Moving Castle–rusty machinery juxtaposed with lush grassy hills–then we'll follow the trail through two North Seattle neighborhoods. Our destination is Seattle's other sandy beach, Golden Gardens!

We'll stop in Ballard for food and drinks along the way, then we'll hit the beach for sunset. After we've hung out and taken some pictures, we'll return to Gas Works Park to end our skate with a gorgeous view of the city lights.

It will be dark on the return trip. Did we mention you should bring lights?

While it is a very chill route that is generally accessible to newer skaters, this route does have a couple rough pavement spots and two mild hills with long rollouts. (If you have never, ever skated on rough pavement outside, consider practicing before you decide to join this skate.)

**Getting there:**

For those using the transit to get around, Gas Works Park is an easy two-mile skate from the UW light rail station along the Burke-Gilman Trail. If needed, there are many bus routes near or along the trail that can take you back to Gas Works (31, 32, 40), UW Station (44), or downtown (5, 40, D Line, E Line).

**Food & drink options nearby or during the route:**

We will take a half an hour break before reaching the beach at an intersection that includes a 7-Eleven store, a pizza by the slice restaurant, and a few other options.
